docs: Add Parent-to-Cloud claim step to centralization deployment guide (#22736)
netdata/netdata: docs/observability-centralization-points/metrics-centralization-points/README.md

   See [Configuring Metrics Centralization Points](/docs/observability-centralization-points/metrics-centralization-points/configuration.md) for detailed configuration instructions.

3. Connect your Parent to Netdata Cloud.

>    Claiming the Parent lets Netdata Cloud query it, and registers all connected Children to Netdata Cloud automatically. See the [Connect Agent to Cloud guide](/src/claim/README.md) for the claiming process and command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Claiming the Parent lets Netdata Cloud query it, and registers all connected Children to Netdata Cloud automatically. See the [Connect Agent to Cloud guide](/src/claim/README.md) for instructions.
```

>    Claiming the Parent lets Netdata Cloud query it, and registers all connected Children to Netdata Cloud automatically. See the [Connect Agent to Cloud guide](/src/claim/README.md) for the claiming process and command. To remove and reconnect a node, see [Unclaim and Reclaim a Node](/docs/learn/unclaim-reclaim-node.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Claiming the Parent lets Netdata Cloud query it, and registers all connected Children to Netdata Cloud automatically. See the [Connect Agent to Cloud guide](/src/claim/README.md) for the claiming process and command.
```
